Update MSVC INSTALL.md instructions to recommend VS 2022 + recent Windows 10/11 SDK (#137949)
rust-lang/rust: INSTALL.md

### MSVC

MSVC builds of Rust additionally requires an installation of:

- Visual Studio 2022 (or later) build tools so `rustc` can use its linker. Older
  Visual Studio versions such as 2019 *may* work but aren't actively tested.

> - A recent Windows 11 SDK.
> 
> The simplest way is to get [Visual Studio], check the "C++ build tools" and
> select the latest "Windows 11 SDK" workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A recent Windows 10 or 11 SDK.

The simplest way is to get [Visual Studio], check the "C++ build tools".
```

The Windows 11 SDK will be selected by default anyway.

Author: Changed the wording to recommend "recent" Windows 10 *or* 11 SDK to be more "slippery".
